 Feemster Twisted Corn Maze 0 Skip to Content Home Directions Corn Maze Rules Contact Map Waiver of Liabilities Open Menu Close Menu Home Directions Corn Maze Rules Contact Map Waiver of Liabilities Open Menu Close Menu Home Directions Corn Maze Rules Contact Map Waiver of Liabilities Fun For The Whole Family! Our 2026 season will begin on September 26th, 2026 Join us for our Fourth annual Corn maze, right here in Springfield, MO *Please check out our Facebook page for weather updates and special events! Get Directions Important notes: Children must be over 36” to jump on jump pillow, and 48” to jump without parent Children must be 42” to go on slide; they must be able to hold on to handles Hayride and apple cannon will not run after sunset—Sunset changes daily, please be aware of times CORN MAZE Private parties of groups of 50+ can inquire here . Smaller groups can be combined on the same day if needed, but there is no guarantee. We do host private parties during the week while in season, please contact us to schedule. FUN ACTIVITIES! Come enjoy our 2 lane—170’ slide, apple cannon, hayrides, along with our awesome jump pillow, basketball wagon, try your strength at our tractor pull, corn hole, corn pits, bubble well, rubber duck races, photo ops and so much more! Pumpkin and gourd patch pending availability. LIVE PETTING ZOO ENJOY CUTE ANIMALS AND FURRY FRIENDS FROM CIRCLE S MOBILE SAFARI. *Farm animals only at the corn maze. Learn more here . *Last ticket sold 1 hour before closing * September Hours of Operation: Saturday 09/26/26 (1 p.m.—9 p.m.) Sunday 09/27/26 (1 p.m.—9 p.m.) October Hours of Operation: Every Friday 5 p.m.—9 p.m. Every Saturday 10 a.m.—9 p.m. Every Sunday 1 p.m.—9 p.m. ************ November ************ Sunday Nov. 1st 1 p.m.—9 p.m. About us We are a family-owned farm located just north of the Springfield, Missouri city limits, in Southwest Missouri. The Feemster family has raised and milked dairy cattle for over 50 years, and continues to operate a dairy business. We grow many crops including corn, soybeans, and wheat. The farm is comprised of over 600 acres and has been in the family for over a century. We take pride in the beauty of our land and thoroughly enjoy sharing the countryside with anyone who has an interest. We would love to welcome you to our corn maze for many years to come! FAQs Is this for kids and adults? Yes! We will have fun for all ages including our “not quite” 13 acre corn maze, a live petting zoo with miniature cattle, pigs, mini horses and goats, we will also have drinks, snacks, and pumpkins for purchase. Is there a cost for admission? Yes. There is a $12.00 admission fee for 4-103. Children aged 3 and under are FREE. Parking is free! All taxes are included. [We do charge an additional convenience fee if you choose to use a credit card for any purchases] Will there be drinks and food? This year we are adding a food trailer where we will have snacks and concession style food for sale. Does the petting zoo cost extra money? The petting zoo is included with the price of your admission. There will be feed for sale for anyone that wants to feed the animals. You can purchase the feed at the admission counter. Does the apple cannon cost money? Yes, to shoot the apple cannon, you must purchase the apples. At the cannon itself, you can pay cash or you can purchase a ticket at the admission counter with cash or credit card. Is alcohol allowed? No. We’d like to keep this as family-friendly as possible, and we will not sell alcohol on the premises. We ask that you respect the activity and not bring alcohol onto the property. Thank you! Are dogs/animals allowed? No. With our running petting zoo, we ask that you don’t bring dogs (including service animals), as we don’t want to scare the petting zoo animals and interrupt the enjoyment of others. Barking dogs can scare zoo animals and make them agitated, which is not fun for the animals or our other guests. Thank you for understanding. How long will the maze be open? We plan to be open from September 26th, 2026, until November 1, 2026 (Saturday’s and Sunday’s in September and Friday’s, Saturday’s and Sunday’s in October and our last day will be November 1st, 2026). Have any questions? Feel free to reach out and we will respond as quickly as we can! #TWISTEDCORNMAZE 
