 Spook House 417-396-6094 The Werehouse The Werehouse The Werehouse The Werehouse The Werehouse The Werehouse The Werehouse The Werehouse Brave the Nightmares Step into Spook House and face your fears Book Your Visit Enter The Werehouse if you dare... the terror awaits you! The Werehouse Welcome to The Werehouse The Werehouse is a family-owned and operated haunted attraction located in Joplin, Missouri. Offering spine-tingling thrills and chills, this local haunt is a must-visit destination for those seeking a truly terrifying experience. Step into the shadows and explore the eerie corridors, where the unexpected lurks around every corner. Spooky Snaps: The Werehouse Photo Collection 1/9 Spooky Snaps: The Werehouse Video Collection About The Werehouse Our Haunted History, Meet the owners   Meet the owners of the spook house, Gerald and Carrie Gess, the visionaries behind a spine-chilling adventure that pushes the boundaries of fear and excitement. With a passion for the eerie and the supernatural, they have transformed an ordinary space into a terrifying labyrinth of haunted rooms, dark corridors, and mysterious creatures  Show More   Meet the owners of the spook house, Gerald and Carrie Gess, the visionaries behind a spine-chilling adventure that pushes the boundaries of fear and excitement. With a passion for the eerie and the supernatural, they have transformed an ordinary space into a terrifying labyrinth of haunted rooms, dark corridors, and mysterious creatures that lurk around every corner. As the masterminds of this frightful attraction, they combine creativity, storytelling, and a deep understanding of what truly scares people to craft an unforgettable experience. Whether it’s an old mansion, a haunted asylum, or a cursed carnival, The  Werehouse owner’s attention to detail and dedication to creating the perfect atmosphere are what set their haunted house apart. With carefully designed sets, high-tech special effects, and live actors who bring terrifying characters to life, they ensure that every guest’s visit is filled with suspense, surprises, and plenty of scares. Beyond the spooky decorations and heart-pounding thrills, the spook house owner is also a business leader, managing operations, safety, staffing, and marketing to ensure everything runs smoothly. Their goal is simple: to deliver a terrifying, yet thrilling experience where visitors can face their fears and have fun doing it. Show Less Contact Us Drop us a line! Name Email* Attach Files Attachments (0) Send This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google Privacy Policy and Terms of Service apply. Better yet, see us in person! We love our customers, so feel free to visit during normal business hours. The Werehouse 3819 E20th St, Joplin Mo 64801 417-396-6094 Hours Mon Closed Tue Closed Wed Closed Thu Closed Fri 07:00 pm – 12:00 am Sat 07:00 pm – 12:00 am Sun Closed Subscribe Sign up to hear from us about specials, sales, and events. Email Sign up Copyright © 2025 Spook House - All Rights Reserved. Powered by This website uses cookies. We use cookies to analyze website traffic and optimize your website experience. By accepting our use of cookies, your data will be aggregated with all other user data. Accept 