 --> Halloween Haunted Coaster Rides in Branson | The Branson Coaster top of page Home Pricing Ride Requirements Group Rates & Park Rental Events DJ Nights Valentines Day Spring Break St. Patricks Day Mother's Day Father's Day Halloween Christmas Plan Your Stay FAQ Buy Tickets Blog More... Use tab to navigate through the menu items. OPEN EVERYDAY: 11AM - 6PM | HAUNT: FRI & SAT: 7PM - 10PM Halloween at The Branson Coaster Halloween at The Branson Coaster is all about celebrating spooky. Enjoy a fun outdoor ride the whole family can share, with terrifying characters, scary decorations and a ton of screams! Normal operating hours from 11:00 AM–6:00 PM, including on Haunted Coaster event dates.​   The Haunted Coaster is held Fridays and Saturdays from 7:00 PM to 10:00 PM.    Haunted Coaster admission requires a special event ticket. Regular coaster tickets, third-party tickets, discounts, and coupons will not be accepted for this event. 2026 Event Schedule Get Tickets Now The Curse at The Branson Ghoster Coaster Friday & Saturday Nights -  October Can You Break the Curse? ​ The mine has been sealed for a reason. Now the curse is inside you. ​ Enter the darkness. Descend into the cursed mine. Face whatever is waiting for you, and ride the Ghoster Coaster. ​ Make it through your ride and earn your “I Survived” sticker. The mine is waiting. The curse is spreading. Will you survive? ​ Recommended Ages: 13+ This is a haunted attraction featuring live scares , frightening characters, dark environments, and content that may not be appropriate for younger children.   Guests 12 and under are welcome to visit during the daytime while the Halloween decorations are still on display; however, there will be no live scaring during daytime visits. ​ ​ Get Tickets Now Contact Us Address 2115 W. 76 Country Blvd Branson, MO, 65616 Contact 417-544-8068 info@missouricoaster.com Hours EVERY DAY: 11AM - 6PM HAUNT: FRI & SAT: 7PM - 10PM Buy Tickets privacy policy ©2026 The Branson Coaster bottom of page 