 Missouri Nightmare Haunted Attraction 2026 | Event Details | HauntPay - Scary Simple Ticketing and Payments for Haunted Attractions Toggle navigation Find Events Create an Event Login Sign Up recaptcha#loaded" data-recaptcha-page="/events/missouri-nightmare-haunted-attraction-2026" data-recaptcha-site-key="6LeiVIwUAAAAAGMWazbuBerPhpJBRIoLdAf1cpW0" > Missouri Nightmare Haunted Attraction 2026 Missouri Nightmare Haunted Attraction 1420 County Rd 276, Columbia, MO, 65202 From $10.00 Fri, October 9th, 2026 @ 7:00PM CDT (multiple times available) Missouri Nightmare returns for an all-new season of fear in 2026! Dare to enter if you think you can survive brand-new scenes, terrifying new scares, and immersive surprises around every corner. Whether you're a first-time victim or a returning thrill-seeker, this year's nightmare is bigger, darker, and more intense than ever. Plus, with new ticket options to fit every level of fear, there's never been a better time to experience the screams. Your nightmare starts here! Policies Refund Policy: No refunds or returns. Cancellation Policy: An event can only be canceled by the venue and/or event organizer. If the venue or event organizer cancels an event, you will be refunded within 4 business days of the event date for your purchase. See Dates & Times Directions Missouri Nightmare Haunted Attraction 1420 County Rd 276 Columbia, MO 65202 405-532-4977 Contact Event Organizer × Please fill out the form below to email the venue organizer with any questions or call the venue organizer at: 405-532-4977 Name Email Message Cancel Blog Terms and Conditions Privacy Contact Support & Feedback Events Copyright © 2026 Passage, Inc. All Rights Reserved We Value Your Privacy This site uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience, analyze website traffic, and keep track of your shopping cart. We recommend clicking "Accept" to leave these enabled, but you may also customize your experience via "Customize". Required Cookies Required cookies that we use for authentication. These can not be turned off and are required to add items to the cart. Website Analytics Data collection for applying real-time analytics and detailed segmentation across all of our company marketing channels. This is used to understand website behaviors to better serve our customers and improve our website experience. Customize | Privacy Policy Accept 