 Terror at the Ranch | Event Details | HauntPay - Scary Simple Ticketing and Payments for Haunted Attractions Toggle navigation Find Events Create an Event Login Sign Up recaptcha#loaded" data-recaptcha-page="/events/terrorattheranch" data-recaptcha-site-key="6LeiVIwUAAAAAGMWazbuBerPhpJBRIoLdAf1cpW0" > Terror at the Ranch Terror at the Ranch 23111 S. Jefferson Pkwy, Harrisonville, MO, 64701 From $33.00 Fri, October 9th, 2026 @ 7:00PM CDT (multiple times available) Terror at the Ranch For over 10 years , O'Bannon Terror has been delivering unforgettable screams, immersive sets, and terrifying characters to our haunt fam across the region. Now, we're taking everything you've come to love—and fear—and bringing it to an exciting new home at The Red Barn Ranch . Terror at the Ranch is the next chapter in our legacy, combining the scares that made us a Halloween tradition with an all-new location and three fully immersive haunted attractions. Whether you're a returning victim or experiencing our terror for the very first time, prepare for a night unlike anything we've ever created. One Ticket. Three Attractions. Endless Screams. With the purchase of one admission ticket , you'll receive access to all three of our haunted attractions: The Final Harvest Corn Maze , The La-Dawn Asylum , and the unforgettable 3 Little Pigs Meat Market . Three completely unique experiences, one unforgettable night of terror. The Final Harvest Corn Maze The corn has grown... but something far more sinister has taken root. Wander through twisting paths where every turn could be your last. The harvest is ready—and so are they. Once you enter the fields, there's no guarantee you'll find your way back out. The La-Dawn Asylum "Where We Don't Clown Around About Your Mental Health." Welcome to the La-Dawn Asylum, where the staff is eager to admit you—but oddly, no one is ever discharged. Behind these walls, the doctors' methods are as disturbing as the patients who roam the halls. As you venture deeper into the facility, the atmosphere begins to change. The screams become laughter, the smiles grow far too wide, and you'll soon realize that whatever is running this ward no longer answers to the doctors. The 3 Little Pigs Meat Market You thought you escaped... but the 3 Little Pigs Meat Market has packed up its cleavers, sharpened its knives, and made the move. The twisted butchers and unforgettable faces that haunted your nightmares have returned, ready to welcome old victims and claim new ones. The freshest cuts may not come from the farm, and you never know what—or who—is next on the menu. Locally sourced has taken on a terrifying new meaning. Step back inside the meat lockers where the terror continues, because some family businesses never close. Three Attractions. One Location. Endless Screams. Do you have what it takes to survive Terror at the Ranch? Policies Refund Policy: No refunds or returns. Cancellation Policy: An event can only be canceled by the venue and/or event organizer. If the venue or event organizer cancels an event, you will be refunded within 4 business days of the event date for your purchase. Get Tickets Directions Terror at the Ranch 23111 S. Jefferson Pkwy Harrisonville, MO 64701 816-738-1009 Contact Event Organizer × Please fill out the form below to email the venue organizer with any questions or call the venue organizer at: 816-738-1009 Name Email Message Cancel Blog Terms and Conditions Privacy Contact Support & Feedback Events Copyright © 2026 Passage, Inc. All Rights Reserved We Value Your Privacy This site uses cookies to enhance your browsing experience, analyze website traffic, and keep track of your shopping cart. We recommend clicking "Accept" to leave these enabled, but you may also customize your experience via "Customize". Required Cookies Required cookies that we use for authentication. These can not be turned off and are required to add items to the cart. Website Analytics Data collection for applying real-time analytics and detailed segmentation across all of our company marketing channels. This is used to understand website behaviors to better serve our customers and improve our website experience. Customize | Privacy Policy Accept 